first start the virtual machine
second create a new virtual machine
load the downloaded ubuntu image used
for installation
enter the user credentials that you want
to use
in the example both username and
password will be class
choose the location where you want to
store the virtual machine disk
unless more space is needed or more
resources need to be allocated
such as cpu and ram the next options can
be left as default
the installation will now proceed and
will take some time
once done it will reboot and the
credentials can be entered to access the
system now we are ready to get to the
next steps in our course